1. Requirements and Goals of the System:-->

Global and fast code deployment system.
The system take the code. Builds the code into a binary and deploys the code globally in an efficient way.
The system be able to scale and deploy code to application servers all around the world.
Additionally we want to store the historical data of all the builds and the deployments.

2.Capacity Estimation and Constraints:-->
For the purpose of this problem we are assuming only 5–10 regions globally.
Each region can have upto 100K machines.
Even tough it is an internal deployment system but the system should be 
HIGHLY available (~99%). This is because generally a faulty 
deployment is followed by a rollback or roll-forward deployment 
hence availability matters.

3. High Level System Design:-->

1.Building:-->
    The building the code commits in FIFO (First In First Out)manner.
    Workers will then store the binary in blob store.
    We can think of a SQL table for storing the job entries (this can represent our queue).
    How to work this as a queue ?
    We can select the jobs where status = QUEUED 
    and has the oldest created_at timestamp.
    The fact that we have SQL database, we have ACID transactions.
    A-Atomicity
    C-Consistency
    I-Isolation
    D-Durability

2.Deploying:-->
We assumed earlier that the build takes 15 mins and let’s say replication takes 
another 5 mins. So for us to meet the 30 min deadline for entire deployment, 
we are left with 10 mins. For 100K machines to download a 10 GB file from the 
blob store over network seems unreasonable. Hence we can create a Peer-to-Peer network.
All the machines in a region are part of a Peer to Peer network, this will enable 
them to download multiple such binaries really fast.We assumed earlier that the 
build takes 15 mins and let’s say replication takes another 5 mins. So for us 
to meet the 30 min deadline for entire deployment, we are left with 10 mins. 
For 100K machines to download a 10 GB file from the blob store over network seems 
unreasonable. Hence we can create a Peer-to-Peer network. All the machines in a 
region are part of a Peer to Peer network, this will enable them to download multiple 
such binaries really fast.   
